Extend CONTRIBUTING docs. (#153)
aiven/klaw: CONTRIBUTING.md

__2. A clear goal with a small scope__

- Make small and incremental PRs.
- The code changes relate to one specific topic.
- Every PR should have one specific goal (and if you add that goal in your description - all the better).
- Rather do multiple smaller PRs than one big one! PRs with a lot of changes are difficult to review. It's also more demanding to give constructive feedback to them.

__3. Add meaningful information__

- A descriptive title and detailed description of your changes help the reviewer gaining context.
- Include links to relevant issues.
- If you followed a recommended approach e.g. from an article, link it in the PR.
- Especially for UI changes it can be helpful to add screenshots or recordings of your changes
- If you have questions, don't hesitate to add them!

__4. Keep a clear git history in mind__

- If you do multiple commits, try to make every commit cover the scope of your changes.
- Your commit messages should follow our [guideline](#guideline-commit-messages).
- If you add changes after a review, don't force push in your existing PR, but add new commits. That way, reviewers can pick up the review again.

## Guideline commit messages

> We use the [Conventional Commits](https://www.conventionalcommits.org/) specification. It helps us to create a helpful and explicit git history.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We use the [Conventional Commits](https://www.conventionalcommits.org/) specification. It helps to create a meaningful and explicit git history.
```
